Multiple line chart (#31)
openmrs/openmrs-esm-user-dashboard-widgets: docs/adr-04-charts-configuration.md

}
```

### Multiple Line Chart Configuration

```
{
    ...

>     yAxis:"label1;label2", //multiple field names can be separated by semicolons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    yAxis: "label1;label2", // field names for each y-axis line in chart, separated by semicolon
```

>     lineStroke:"#00ffff;#ff00ff",//colour for lines in the chart separated by semicolons

Reviewer: Provide proper spacing as suggested above & provide more descriptive comment

>     lineStroke:"#00ffff;#ff00ff",//colour for lines in the chart separated by semicolons

Reviewer: The name of the config property does not mention that it needs colour for the stroke. Please rename.
